cleans up siw quickstart (#1066)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/quickstart-fragments/widget/default-example/index.md

      oktaSignIn.authClient.token.getWithoutPrompt({
        scopes: ['openid', 'email', 'profile'],
      }).then(function(tokens) {
        // tokens is or is not an array based on the scopes involved
        tokens = Array.isArray(tokens) ? tokens : [tokens];

>         // Save the tokens for later use, e.g. if the page gets refreshed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Save the tokens for later use, for example if the page gets refreshed:
```
